---
layout : "page"
Title : "/:Title"
---
Its been only few days since I moved to the big city yet, I am already take aback by the shear number of people and things that it brings. Being from a small town you would wonder how a small teen such as myself would survive on his own at this place. However, this is something I must do. I am done with the country life and the monotone life it brings. I had to leave it make something of my own. Obviously my parents were against it but, I did not care for it. I was meant to reach excellence someday and for that I must leave things behind that would drag me back. For now, I have small apartment in an alley that could pretty well be good enough for Jack the Ripper to make it his play ground. Working part time while I pursued my goal in the acting field makes it challenging. I would have to travel a lot and luckily I live in the era where we have metro trains to travel long distances and walkmans to keep us company. I always dream of having a luxurious lifestyle with expensive cars and exquisite art work around me to remind myself and others that I am a man of great taste. But this has to wait, till I get my first break. 

Everyday I would wake up, get ready and then head to the metro. I had exactly 5 mix tapes to keep me company during my stay here in the city. The metro was around 2km from where I stayed so I would always have a quick breakfast on-route and then, reach the place by 8:45am. My first metro was at 9am so I had few minutes to spare before my rough day started. Today was different though. My walkman had run out of battery half way through and I was introduced to the chaotic voices of the city. As I reached the tunnel to the metro station platform I could hear a faint sound of violin. As I went closer and closer to the platform the sound grew louder and louder. At the platform I finally met the source of the music. An elderly guy may be in his 70s stood next to a wall as he played his violin. The music had it own sense of softness and sadness to it. Some travelers stood and watched while the others just walked by. Few gave money to the old man while few didn't. His clothes weren't that shabby to make his poor but why would someone play music at the station during its busy hours, I wondered. My train had arrived and I dropped few pennies and left for work. 

Next day I reached the station and found him again but I was a bit late so all I could was run and board my train. I looked at him while the train left the station. I wondered if he did this everyday. I decided to look for him during my return from work if, he were still around. Part-time job and acting classes were never easy yet I do manage what I can. The sun had set and it was my time to head back. I reached the station however, he was no where to be found. "I guess he works only during the day", I said to myself. I headed home and decided to sleep off the night and await my life for the next day. On route I had gotten a call on my phone. I flipped open my phone but, I didn't answer it though. It was my dad. He had a habit of calling me on odd days to check in on me. "He never approved of my wishes so why try and reach me", I said to myself and closed my phone.

Weekend was nearing by and I usually used to go the near by theatre where people auditioned for roles. However, the old man's behavior intrigued me for some reason. I decided that today I will go and play detective, see what he does and probably follow him around. I headed to the station by 6am. It was a very cold day. If it weren't for my jacket I would be freezing my bottom off. I reached the station and as suspected he wasn't there. I waited outside the metro station however, I wondered if he would come today. I decided to light off a cigarette while I waited in this cold weather. It was 7am and the weather was warming up but enough to walk around without a jacket. I had decided to wait off somewhere else when I spotted someone walking towards the enterance. I moved next to a wall near by and watched while I covered my face with my muffler and my hat. An old man, carrying a case shivering while walking towards the enterance with his wooden cane. To top it off the jacket he wore thin. I don't think that is enough for such weather why would he wear this and head over here in this cold, I wondered. I could see him old body shook during every single step. I followed him inside. He walked up to the wall where he always stood. He kept his case down and slowly opened it up. With his shivering hands he picked up his violin and placed it against his chin. With his hands still shaking he brought the bow up close to the violin and with one strong exhale he started to play. Wait, it was only 7:30am. I had seen play at around 8:30am even at close to 9:00am too. Surely, he was not playing it all this while, I thought to myself. I waited at one of the benches and just listened to his music from the side. He played and placed and played. He would occasionally take a break to drink water that was availble from the nearby fountain however, that's it. He would shiver for most part of his walk and even while placing his violin yet he was in complete control when he played it. People passed by and while few dropped their money some didn't. This continued till 10am and he finally stopped. The station was filled such wonderful music for so long yet many did fail to enjoy it. He started to place his violin and bow back into the case while he loaded the money into his pockets. He slowly started to walk out of the station.

I followed him to see what next was in store for such a talented man. He went to a near by baker and bought some bread and tea. He had his share on his way to the pond near by that close to the public park. There he sat a bench while feeding of the ducks, pigeons and even squirrels with the bread that he had bought. It was odd that one would spend all of the money they had earned in one go. He relaxed himself to the sight of the nature around him, the raft of ducks the swam on the pond, the flock of pigeons that flew in and out when someone walked by the place where the bread crumbs were thrown the scurry of squirrels running around the park and onto the trees. He had a smile on his face while he watched all of these yet all I saw was sadness in his eyes. Once his bag of bread was emptied he crushed the bag and dropped it off at the wastebin while he walked away. I followed him till he eventually went to an old home. I had way too many questions for which I had no answers for. I went back to the baker shop to see if I could get some details that would ease my mind. I check with the baker and I learned that this was his daily trend. It has been few months since this activity had started. The baker did not know much however, he did say that the old gentleman would play his violin every day at the station not for money for something else however, he was not told for why though. I needed answer and hence, I had decided I would confront him tomorrow if he shows up. 