---
layout : "page"
Title : "/:Title"
---
I have been walking for so long and I looked around but, I do not see any signs of life. This looks to be a small town and I could count the houses if I wanted to. I could not recall how I reached this deserted place with empty collapsed buildings on either sides of the street. The roads had patches of grass here and there, and wild flowers too. It is also dark yet, I could see things at their places. May be it is because of the moon. If you looked up can see a clear night sky with stars all around with a crescent moon shining with all its might. I looked at the dried walls of these houses and I feel some familiarity with them. I couldn't point a finger at it and say what it was yet, I can that I may know this place. It was odd to be in such a peculiar place something so familiar yet so distant. I walked around this town for a while trying to identify why I was here. 
<br><br>
As I stroll through one of these streets I came across an abandoned bakery. Dusty desk with empty baskets and cobwebs around the baking oven. Yet, you could seen this was busy place, once upon a time. It doesn't look there is any other bakery in this town. I stood at the entrance glancing at the empty place and then, closed my eyes for a minute. I imagined how the baker would take out his fresh batch of Baguette and Croissant off the oven. Hot steaming bread with fresh cream coffee or milk would such a wonderful way to start of your day. I could smell the wonderful aroma even though it is nowhere to be at sight. I think I remember being in the place. The familiarity with the things at their places is to hard to miss. I guess I met Aubrey here for the first time. He bought three loafs of bread and two bottles of milk, a heavy eater I suppose, I wonder I remember this. We barely met since, he was not of this town and he looked different than most of us. A soldier from the Belgium's Defensie. He has been in town for little over a year now yet it was odd to not have seen him before. I heard that he does odd jobs around the village to make his living during his stay. I wonder why I would recall such a thing. 
<br><br>
I started to roam to around the town looking for things that I don't think could be found. Couple of building away I spotted a Church, or rather what was left of it. Broken glasses and debris of the collapsed ceiling all round. The rubbles may have broken a lot of pews along the way but I could reach the end of the alter. As I stand this broken alter I wanted to let my flow and sing out. I remembered that I joined Church choir for a while. I wonder why it was. I remember it brought a sense of peace and happiness. Aubrey was not a man of faith, I suppose. He was never here during our Sunday Church yet, I remember he would be here if we ever need help in fixing our broken flooring or ceiling. One could wonder if a man might loose his faith when, the world is only surrounded in endless smoke and chaos. To practice on my vocals I use to go by the old well that is a located outside this town. It was surrounded by Pine trees and secluded to make it my own. Every Saturday I would be there to practice and on Sundays at the church. 
<br><br>
On a mid-afternoon of a Saturday while I practiced as usual I heard noises from behind the trees. No one comes around this side of the town so I was curious to know what it was. I walked deeper into the woods towards the source of the sound. As I approached closer, the sound grew louder. As I peeped through the bushed I saw the largest boar of my life, a cow sized boar. I slowly back off to avoid becoming a prey for this monster yet like all cliche in the world I was not good with my steps. I broke a twig that startled the beast and I was in its sight. I started to shriek as I ran towards the well while the boar was right on my tail. Panting as I reached the well I tripped over some wines. With the boar just a few steps away I was almost ready to meet my maker when, I saw a rock launch at rocket speed towards the boar's face. Bulls-eye! the rock hit boar dead in eye. While my reactions were stuck in a slow motion, I could see Aubrey run and jump with his Fairbairn–Sykes right at the boar. It was a violent fight between two animals each trying to shred each other apart. Fairbairn blades went through fresh and bone as it was paper as Aubrey sliced and gutted the boar till it gave up and collapsed. Such violence was beyond my grasp as I couldn't tell if such brutality was necessary or was this something possible by a human. He gathered his energy and while wiping the blood off his knife and himself he approached me to lend a hand. I was too shocked to make sense of the situation and his remorseless face had shiver sent down my spine, all I could do was ran back to town. While I slowly recovered overnight I wanted to thank him for his help however, I was still too frightened to gather any courage to see him. 
<br><br>
While the whole town was up in praises for his effort to slay such a giant boar, I was still yet to thank him for saving my life. I had various opportunity however, every time I tried to approach him I froze in fear and before I knew it, a week had passed. I went by the well again and as I reached the well I could see him sit under a tree. I slowly walk up to him so I could finally thank him properly this time. As I walked closer I saw he was more asleep than sitting under the tree. Being a bit curious I walked really close to him. He looked fine and somewhat peaceful this time. I didn't want to wake him and knowing I won't get a better change, I crouched besides him and slowly whispered my thanks to him. "You are welcome, Miss.", he replied as he slowly turned his head and looked me.  Shocked and embarrassed I fumbled as I tried to get up and fell on my bottom. "How....The nerve...." I fumbled with my words as the embarrassment was at its peak and the situation did not help me either. He stood and he extended his hand to help me get on my feet. My head facing down and my hands sweaty allover I took his offer. "Tha..nk.. yo..u", I stuttered. I had hit rock bottom at this stage and just wanted to go crawl under my bed. I stormed out from the place without giving a moment to look back. As I reached the city I realised I went to practice however, it looks like I would be skipping it today. I rolled in my bed playing the scene over and over again, and I couln't watch a wink the entire night. For the next entire week I avoided all possible chances of interactions however, anytime we had a chances to meet our eyes I could see him give a smile which only made me flutter. 
<br><br>
I started to walk out from the Church and headed to back to thet own. I could see an open field a little out from the center of the town. The field had wild grass all over the place and upto ones knee. I approached with the little light the sky had to offer. A another glimsp flashed by, "Why am I hiding? It's his fault. He tricked me by pretending to be asleep. He should apologise", I let these thoughts soak in as I decided to confront him today. I have heard he goes to the nearby open field to do his morning work out and I stormed out of my house. I stomped my way and as usual he let out that smiley which he has been giving me for the past few week. I started venting my heated words that I bottled up for all this time the moment I saw that smile of his. I think I may have vented out for at least few minutes, I may probably have also repeated the samething over yet, he didn't seem to have an effect with what I had to say. "I am sorry miss. My intensions were never to startle you that day.", he said. "Well it did. And what about the smile? What is the meaning of that?". "I just wanted to be friendly. But you seemed to shy out when I did which was quite plesent to watch, so I continued it when ever I could. I am shocked that you gathered your courage so fast to come out to me. I expected this would last at least for a few months". His comments blew the lid off my head. All this while I had such confusion in my mind and he had been amusing himself. I strommed off to avoid any form of violence that I may throw at him. I reached my home and spent the rest of the day with a read face of anger. 
<br><br>

<br><br>
Now I wait here by the same tree where we made our promise. I do not know how many years may have passed by but, I guess I do this everyday. Wandering this empty town even though time never repeats, with a heart that will never complete.

FIN.

