---
layout : "page"
Title : ":/Title"
---


"Pretty sure his may girlfriends and bet they are like him. I wonder how people are so outward", Amaya thought to her self. People were asking Barak to share his experiences and his girlfriend however, he said he would rather introduce her someday than talk about her. 

"It's seven P.M. Time I wrapped my work and head home.", said Amaya as she sorted out the papers on her desk and stacked them in their file. She looks around and finds no one in office. Pretty usual sight as people usually leave by four or five in the evening. It is not that Amaya is bad at her work, it's that people tend to rely on her a lot when they can't get something done on time. Truth be told, it is more of people taking advantage of her. Amaya works hard and really does her job good but, she is not the type to stand out. An average girl to look at and talk to as well. There isn't anything 'fun' she would bring to the table. She does gardening however, I don't think that is what people wanted to hear. She walked to the elevator, and headed out of office. While taking the metro to reach home she over heard a couple girls talking to each other. They were talking about a new Dating App and how great it is. Amaya did not have boyfriend and she knows that it's her fault for not trying her best. She woke little to no make-up, she wore plain clothes and her enthusiasm level in a group was fairly low. "It would be nice to know talk to people", she thought. She lied on her bed and she installed the App the on her phone, but after pausing for a few minutes she retrained from creating an account. "This is silly. Don't fall to such level now Amaya.", she said to herself. She kept the phone on the side stand and went to sleep. 


Next day in office during her break to the pantry she bumped into a group of her team members. They were all talking about their recent dinner dates. She tried to dodge the conversion and moved up closer to the coffee machine. "Hey! Amaya, what about you? How is your boyfriend?", asked a colleague. "Umm.. I don't have one right now", Amaya replied. "Oh? How about your previous..", the others abruptly stopped him from asking further. There was an awkward silence around the pantry room and she headed back to her desk in embarrassment. That night Amaya decided to create her account however, when it came to point of putting the name and picture she started to hesitate. She decided to go through it and created her profile. However, it was not a regular profile. She kept her name as Bellossom after the Pokemon she adored and used the cartoon picture as a profile. Here expections weren't much but she figured someone might have a similar liking. She was taken to a section called 'people near by' and while she scrolled through the list she was hit up with a direct message. "Hi", it read. She was anxious as this was the first time she is interacting to a complete stranger in a while. Before she could respond she got the next message. "I'm in town for the week. Want to hook up?". She fell shallow for the kind of comment she got. She immediately blocked him off. Few minutes pass by and she gets another one, then another. It looks like all attracted were creeps. She felt depressed seeing how the only these kind of people reached out to her. She was about to remove the App and forget this experiment when, she found one profile, Quasimodo. This was a cartoon character she know about from Disney's The Hunchback of Notre Dame movie. I had a small smile on my face when I saw there was similar as I. She sent out a message, "Hi. Didn't Quasimodo already have Esmeralda? Didn't know Quasimodo was so bold to double date.", hoping it would be a good start. Few minutes past by, but no reply. 'Guess the account is not used anymore, she thought. She kept her phone on the night stand and went to bed. 


She wakes for the next day and finds a response in the App while doing morning ordeal. "Hahahaha! didn't know Pokemon were on the app either. But I guess you are referring to the Quasimodo from Disney's movie. The true story is much darker though. If you don't mind having your world turned upside down then, I will recommend you try Victor Hugo's novel. It is a pretty good read." Curiosity got the better of Amaya and she did a quick search online and found that it indeed was true. On route to work she stopped by the local library and picked up the copy. While on route she read and was immediately hooked on to it. She kept reading even at work and was nearly done by end of the day. What he said was indeed true, the story would flip anyone's world if they thought the movie was genuine. Let alone Disney's version. "I actually looked up what you said and borrowed a the book. Wow, it's such a dark and tragic story. Much different than what the movie had shown.", Amaya replied. "Hi.. Glad you liked it. Not all movies capture the true story as it written.", came the response. "Indeed. So Quasimodo, are you looking for your Esmeralda here?", texted Amaya. "Hahaha. May be yes, may be not. Just trying something out. How about you? Didn't expect a Pokemon to on an Dating App. Are all the other pokemon's caught by trainers.". Amaya chuckled at his response. It wasn't a great joke but someone was playing along rather than be blunt about their intension to get into ones pants. Amaya continued texting him all night. A casual, silly talk where both just wanted to have a decent chat without anything intension in mind. They ended their conversation for the night and bid to catch up again tomorrow. She hit her bed with a smile on her face and cozzed her under her blanket.


As the weeks passed by she texted him a lot more frequently. She works just like she always did however, during her breaks she used to text and so would he. Neither of them have told who they really are and kept their identity confined however, both enjoyed their other's company, even if it was just texts over a peice of phone. He was an avid reader and a cook. He has read a ton of books and owns quite a collections. He would recommend novels and Amaya would give it a try. Amaya too let her passion for gardening be know. He was encouraging and stirred up the conversation to know her likes. They would share picture of what they cooked or what they read what plants they saw. Both enojoyed what they had and their picture collection grew over the weeks. Lines of texts, shapes of leaves, flowers from plants, food on plates and many more. Amaya was seen to be more happy at work and people could see this. Occasionally colleagues would ask what was going on but the confort in talking to them held her back. She felt bad that she was still not much different on the outside. That night while she talked with him things went a bit awkward for her. "Hey, if it is ok with you, Would you like to grab a cup of coffee at a book cafe located near River St.?" was the text she had got. Amaya was nervous. She didn't want to ruin how things are between then however, she did not feel confident about herself to meet him yet. She didn't want to say 'Yes' yet but she didn't have a right reason to tell him either. "I think I will pass. It is not that I don't want to meet you but I am not comfortable yet to meet in person. I really hope you would understand.", she wrote her words down but hesitated to hit send. She took while a bounching her mind and heart around and after few minutes, after taking a deep breathe, she hit send. "...", she saw him type his response and she anxiously waiting for the words to pop-up. She was completly glued to her screen. "Ok. I understand. May be another time I guess. If you do know of a place you want to meet sometime later, I', ok with that too." , his response made her so happy but she felt sad for missing out a chance in known him better. 


Few days later during their usual nightly conversations Amaya was brought with one the most oddest ideas she has heard in her life. "Hey, what are your plans for this weekend?", he asked. "Nothing much. Probably read one of the books you mentioned few days back, why?", she replied. "Well, I was thinking if we could meet this weekend.", he said. Amaya felt uncomfortable to say No, however she still felt she was not ready yet. "I know you said you were not comfortable and I guess it is still the same. But I would like to try something out. It is new and probably that I muself have not done before. But I guess it will work out for both of us", he stated. Amaya felt happy to know he still is considerate about her but she was curious to know what he had planned out. "What do you have in mind?", she asked. "So, there is a comic-con this weekend at the sports dome. Just to give you an idea, you can dress up as anyone you want and attend it. If you are up for it, we could meet up but all costumed up. I know it sounds silly but, would you want to try it out?". Amaya was confused with idea but as histerical and embarrassing as it sounded she felt it could work. "Are you sure? I would feel really embarrassed to go to such a place all dressed up?", she added. "I know but ,the fun part is that we are allowed to be dressed up. So we probably are not gonna stand out much.", he said. After taking few minutes and running the idea down her head she decided to say yes. She knew she could say No but, she didn't want to push him off again. She really did want to know him better and this might be the best chance for her. They both agreed to meet up near the enterance with their costumes. Amaya went to bed wondering how this would go about. She was anxious to meet him and at the same time felt embarrassed about what she is about to do.


It was the day of comic-con and there was a lot of people at the dome. Amaya truely was new to the place and she was too embarrassed to be too visible. So she was very casual clothes and a hoddle. She had a Guy Fawkes mask that she had from last halloween. She anxiously waited at the enterance, the place where they both decide to meet up. They planned to meet up and then share the constume details. Few minutes pass by and Amaya was already amused by the shear number of people attending the comic-con and the costume they had. It was a colourful venue with a lot of happy faces around. While she was looking around she gets a text, "I'm here. Wearing a whiteshirt and a duffle back near the gate.". She looks around and spots him quickly. "Found you, I'm walking towards you.I am wearing a hoddie.", she replied. He starts to look around and as she approached from behind, he turned around. Amaya was shocked with his costume. He wore a horse mask wearing glasses. It was the most silliest thing she has seen till date and she burst out in laughter. "Bellossom? Is that you?", he asked. "Yes!", she replied laughing. "Good to know you are enjoying what I am wearing. I didn't know what to wear even through I proposed the idea. So I picked up the first think I could wear. What are you supposed to be?"."Honestly, I would call this Annoymous on vacation", Amaya replied and they both chuckled for a while. "One of my friend's recently had travelled to Japan. Since you enjoy gardening I though of getting something for you.", he pulled out a packet of seeds and gave it to her. "It's supposed to something called as 'Bonsai Tree', tree in a pot. Not sure if you would know.", he said. "Yes, I know. Thank you so much!. I'm so sorry I came empty handed. Where are my manners..", Amaya frantically responded. "That's fine. I'm kinda intrigued to see how they grow, let me know how they do.", he replied with a smile. After that they went to watch the comic-con exhibition. They both talked a lot about the fun personal experiences, the music they listened to, the places they have been to, all but their name and what they did for work. They roamed the exhibition and took lot of pictures with each other and with others people with their costumes. A lot of photoboming and may fun moments. During lunch they both eat with their mask on. Both looked rediculous when doing so laugh at each other but, they were fine with it. The day ended and Amaya felt a lot closer to him but there still a fear in her when he asked if she wants both to remove the mask now. He felt bad, but he was ready to wait it out. That night Amaya realized that next time she will not mess-up and will take the next step. Not because she felt she was ready but because she knew that he would understand her situation as long as she is honest with him.


Days passed and Amaya's confidence grew just like the planted tree seeds, they still continued using their fake alias but it had reached a point that it did not matter much. They both grew close to each other and faces were the last thing they worried about it. She would send him pics of the plan almost every day to show that it is grown well. While taking the metro one day Amaya found that there was a halloween themed party at a nearby disco joint this Thursday. She quickly texted him hoping to see if he would like to join her and in few minutes she got a confirmation. She decided to show herself to Quasimodo after the party and hoped she could be more open with him. She marked her calendar and went about anxiously waiting for the day in excitement. At home she looked for the best clothes she could wear and went through her wardrobe multiple times. She tried on my many clothes but none made her feel pretty. But she didn't give up, she left home to the local clothing store and started to look for clothes. She really wanted to make this work and put in all the effort she had. Finally it was the day of the party. Amaya looked at the clock every passing moment for it to struck five so she could leave for the day and meet up with him. "Hey Amaya, how is it going? Can please help in finishing this document by today evening. It is urgent and I won't be able to do this today. Pretty please?", said one of her colleaguses trying to pursue her to dump off her work. "But this will talk the entire night. I kinda have plans today.", Amaya replied. "Seriously! I ask for your help one time and you are not even considering my feelings. I wouldn't ask you if I couldn't absolutely avoid this.", replied her colleague trying to guilt trip Amaya into taking the work. Amaya felt bad that she was not helping her colleague out but this is the first time she had made plans of her own and she didn't want to step back out of it. "Hey Steph, Amaya seems to have plans. Why Don't you reach someone else. I'm sure there are others who might help you out.", came a voice from behind. Amaya turned around and found Barak walking closer to her desk. Barak is a good looking, fit, smart and overall a genuinely nice person to be around. Amaya barely talked with him other than work as he used to be social around office and she found it tough to be around with such people. If only her confidence was good as his. "Hey, overheard you have made plans for today. That's the first time I heard you talk about something other than office work. I guess the rumors about your being very different is true.", he smiled and wished her luck for the night as he walked away. The day had ended and she headed to powder room to change and head for the venue.

Amaya was the party location and she had  